we would have a Fargo reunion here we're
thrilled about it let me tell you boy
that show that season what you two were
in together was on do you keep in touch
with Billy Bob we do a little we've
texted a little bit over the years we
haven't seen each other really since
probably since the Golden Globes Oh
since then you know we slide for they're
backstage and were quick to compare
dressing rooms I see okay hello and he's
winning bye what was your first
impression of him when you met him I
mean you know you meet stars who have
this sort of like mythology surrounding
them I think Billy Bob's like he's a
bonafide yeah movie star and you're like
what's it gonna be like can I see the
vial of blood what can I hold it is it
weird if I ask but I met him in the
makeup trailer and he's just like the
nicest Arkansas boy you could ever hope
to meet mean you know you've had a
conversation with me right yeah they're
nice guys you know his persona doesn't
match up with his with his person and he
knows too like he'll plate he'll like my
favorite Billy Bop story is we were
doing press for Fargo before we'd even
premiered their very first press thing
we were all together the whole cast was
doing this QA we were about to go out on
stage and this executive from FX was
like okay guys thank you so much for
being here
um the shares are in this order everyone
has waters and you're gonna be sitting
in this order Martin Colin Bob Billy
Allison and Billy went okay and the
effects exact was like what can what's
wrong Billy what's wrong he was like oh
it's fine we'll talk about it later
you'll talk to my agent about it
actually and we were all just like oh no
our shows gonna be canceled like this is
terrible and the executives like please
tell us what can we do and really said
well the order should really be Martin
me Noah
Bob Collin Allison and the executive was
like I'm so sorry I'm sure we can change
it we can change the name placards and
Billy was like I'm just kidding man I'm
here
I was like that's a movie stars is that
your first big job
Fargo absolutely it was yeah before that
it was just like American Heart
Association commercials and bar improv
my friend Rio is that right a lot of a
lot of improv working at a regular job
when you got that job
I was yeah I was working when I booked
Fargo I was working at a at a pinup
photography studio in post-production oh
and then I quit uh-huh
so you would take your models would come
in and you guys would take this yeah
like yeah you could it was like it was
like women who wanted to have their like
that's the right party or like their you
know I see it's it's called baboom
pinups like I love you maintain a good
relationship I assume people that were
they bombed when you left I think they
were like holy yeah go make it
they thought it was like the worst lie
ever they're like you okay you could
just quit well hopefully then they tuned
in that that it was it was true yeah
what about your family were they were
they like worried that it wouldn't work
out for you out here in LA my parents
like when I've got my first commercial
gig my mom was like well thank God like
you're gonna make a living she was wrong
I mean we're just a long time kidding
my mother was a journalist and she she
actually wrote who in Fargo came out she
wrote a press release for all the local
papers in Houston and sent with her with
our weather our home phone number on it
wait what a minute she was in an
unsanctioned press release I mean she
was like I'm a journalist did she get
calls and then she'd called me and be
like someone from this local paper wants
to talk to you and I'd be like great
I'll tell my publicist
well how about that yeah so this new
show emergence is it deals in the the
paranormal supernatural is that fair to
say no all of those things are fair to
say but I want to tell you anymore yes
spooky unknowns spooky unknown stuff
unknown stuff it based on real stuff or
just completely made-up just made-up
completely maybe I know it's not like a
sort of monster of the week x-files
thing there's a sort of central
conspiracy that we're working towards
solving what I really like about our
show is it's based around this family so
it's like you know I think people are
after us
but it's Taco Tuesday like we got to eat
you come back home with your family at
Donald Faison place your husband is a
little kinder way to say that your was
been husband I never heard that term
friend of mine point that in Dallas good
right very good husband is a good word
I'm gonna try not to get derailed by
that because I love stupid words like
that but so Donald Faison is your
husband on the ship and on the show and
he and your my point my actual boyfriend
yes our golf buddies a golf club and my
boyfriend is not in the business at all
he works in IT like he is could not be
further from from this business but
randomly he met Donald like through a
friend of a friend and they've been
golfing together for years
uh-huh so when Donald was offered this
role might we share an agent and my
agent was like this is what's happening
don't tell anyone and I was like I won't
and then I called him and I was like Tim
you're not gonna believe what's
happening uh-huh which is awesome cuz
they like I mean they golf constantly
they're caught golfing all over New York
and all over Jersey they're really good
friends now they are yeah okay I mean
like I am a thousand percent the third
wheel in this relationship see more of
each other than I do either one of them
I think the only thing saving my
relationship and my boyfriend is the
fact that Donald was allergic to cats so
he can't come to our home or I would be
out man she created an obstacle of did
you have cats before you put them in to
keep Tim away
we have cats before right well
congratulations on the show I'm glad
you're back on ABC know I'm a very big
fan and uh yeah and the show is called
emergence it's Tuesday nights ten
o'clock
ABC Allison Tolman everybody we'll be
right back
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it